fix: Update docs 2.0 (#858)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/api/components/widget.md

}
```

Below we list all the attributes that a widget can receive. 

## What are your attributes?

### Widget Attributes

The main attributes of this class are:
| **Attribute** | **Type** | Required | **Definition** |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------------------- | :---------: | :------------------ |

> | id | String | | identifies the visual component that the widget references |

Author: ```suggestion
| id | String | | identifies the Beagle components that the widget references |
```
